Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
www.HoundDawgs.org
Little pig?
Let me in.
Destroy the spot!
It is obnoxious.
What the hell are you doing?
Aaron, over here!
JP and Maz, take her.
What the hell is it to you?
- I will not ... - Shut up!
Grim hell.
Good for you, otherwise I had given you another brat.
So do something, or what?
You so not something?
Let's see.
Would you appoint me if you saw me again?
Reply, dammit!
I did not see anyone.
You must already go? We can not hug a little?
I have more important things to me.
Okay?
- What about us? - Are you stupid? There is no "us"!
You're just a bitch.
Take some makeup on. You look terrible!
Is it a joke? What about all the time we have spent together?
I just wanted to sleep with you, Lauren, which was a waste of time.
You're a miserable fuck.
- What are you doing? - Evidence that.
- What do you mean? - You're not frigid, like the guys think.
Out from here!
Hey, Charlie there?
Okay? How well.
Tell him that Richie rang.
I'll call back in a few hours.
It's a deal. Goodbye.
She was crazy at the end.
Yes, she let me take her in the ass and everything.
It fits, Rob! It fits.
Okay.
- Tough. You should see this place. - What are you doing?
- I am leaving now. - Get out of here, I said.
Who is it?
- Your sister? - It's my mom.
She is otherwise delicious.
- Invite her next time. - Get!
Be nice now.
Otherwise I will have to be bad.
- That took a while. - It does not go in the pants for me.
What are you talking about? It does this when not on me.
Come on!
On time as always.
As always, I keep my promises, and as always you are not ready.
Always let a man waiting. That's what I learned.
Talked I just, or what?
Why will you know what I did to the bitch?
- Would you fuck her? - No, I just like her.
- If you are with her ... - No, dammit.
But it would be fun to see you fuck. I'm writing just for her.
Sorry about before. When looking at 22 o'clock.
- I am at home! - Hi Mom!
He's my brother. He is not a royal, Carmen.
You asked me to arrange birthday - party. The best in Spain.
Thanks, that sounds great, but also very expensive.
I know how much Charlie means to you.
And is not it amazing, I can not take myself so well paid.
Who wants to fuck little tonight?
- Do you think Lauren? - Giantess must be educated a little.
So you will therefore not have her?
As brothers we share.
Are you afraid that others will see your small dick?
- He's probably not full and misses the plane? - He is not a total Lush.
He was not even at the pub.
I'll call Dover Castle. Is he not, I give dinner.
For I am your customer, so I assumed that you would offer dinner.
The best safecracker in the industry. He was the king.
Dover Castle. How can I help?
He's here, but he is running with his anecdotes.
Mr. Archer? Mr. Archer?
- Mr. Archer? - I'm telling on later.
- Hello? - Mr. Archer, here is the their brother.
- Charlie ... - Richie! How are you?
You let someone else call for you? Are you too tired right now?
So you just came by the pub?
It is not a pub anymore. It's a fucking bistro!
You have to be lucky if you can get a drink.
The waiter says:
"The house specialty is duebryst with beetroot chutney."
Or goose liver. Do you know how to make it?
They stick a tube down their throat and stopfodrer them mad, -
- like when force fed in jail until the liver rupture!
It is called "haute cuisine"!
- I miss you, Charlie. - You too.
Now go home and lie a little.
- You're not young anymore. - You too!
- And please do not be late for the plane. - Never in my life!
It was cozy.
Then there is trouble.
It was my brother. He asked me to go home.
Did he say that? These are new times.
It is, but it is not necessarily improved.
How's your brother?
He still goes in miniskirt. I am joking. He's fine.
I have not seen him in 30 years.
At that time I crush on him, that when he was younger.
Drop it, Charlie. You're too old for me.
But you're still fantastic.
You can get his number.
You know what? I'm afraid to call him.
Afraid? It's not a problem.
Then you go out with me instead.
- I do not know how to do it. - I can teach you.
Oh boy? You look nice!
Come, I will show you something.
I have a surprise for you.
- What happens here? - I will introduce you to the guys.
Proper.
See you later, honey.
I am going home now.
Bye, princess.
Behave yourselves now properly and keep you from the young boys. See you!
Wait until it is your turn.
Come on, Dean. Then sprayed.
I do not really know.
What do you mean? Pull dress up and fuck her!
What the hell are you doing?
Slip, Grandpa. Mind your own business.
The goddamn bitch bit me!
If I were you, I would not make it there.
Fuck the old!
I will not say it again.
I cut off the jaw of the next snot young people who ask me to fuck off.
Fuck off.
Was it good? I hope so.
Tickled it?
- There fucked you up. - No, you fucked up.
- I do not think. - Do you think you're tough? Then came the way.
How it works no longer.
Fucking assholes!
You're too cowardly to fight man to man, damn snot kids!
I hate that sound! It sounds like a rat piss.
Do you want to fight man to man?
It's about time...
- ... that you take action. - Shut up, dammit!
Want some more? You fucking pussy!
What the hell is wrong with you?
What the hell do you say? What do you say now?
Asshole!
You little shit, show some respect.
- Take the damn cap! - Shut up, bitch!
Become adults!
How did you know the deceased?
I knew him as everyone else in the neighborhood.
Why? Why all knew him.
Do not you know Charlie and Richie Archer?
- So you are one. Are you part time? - No I...
I'm a detective.
I would not call myself if I were you.
- Do you know who Kray -tvillingerne was? - But they were not even brothers.
- He was like them. - It was Charlie and Richie place.
- The drive instead and took a share. - Literally.
At that time, not harassed on the street, or even worse.
- We do our best. - Oh yes, budget cuts, etc..
I can not remember when I last saw a cop on the street.
- Mrs. Davies ... - Miss! Had you read the report ...
... you would know it, detective.
When you said that Charlie Archer was murdered, suggested you something.
- So you're the murderer? - No, but it was E2 -berenstain.
- How can you be so sure? - They came from the same alley!
I recognized most of them.
They are like cockroaches crawling around. They must be eradicated.
- It is best not to say so. - Why?
They try the to exterminate us.
Our society, our lifestyle and ...
Do you intend to protect them?
- We can not do anything without evidence. - Evidence, of course ...
Did you find anything at the scene?
Fingerprints, watch movies.
Or other clues?
So you someone attack him?
- So you think he was murdered? - No, but it was E2 -berenstain.
It would never have happened in the past.
These are new times -
- but I will follow up and pulls E2 -berenstain in for questioning.
Oh, I'm relieved now ...
- May I go? - Thank you for your time.
You're welcome. I hope you keep your word.
For a good man died in the night.
The interview of Miss Lizzy Davies ends at 02:37.
A good man does not commit arson, robbery and murder.
- Hello? - Mr. Archer?
- You're not telemarketer? - No ...
No, Lizzy Davies. You probably do not remember me.
Lizzy Davies.
Torrance Street 237.
Long brown hair and beautiful blue eyes.
Thin, or actually quite skinny.
You remember me obviously.
Yes, I remember all.
Hello?
- Mr. Archer ... - Richie. Where did you get this number?
Yes, it is such that I have bad ...
No, it's actually terrible news.
It's the first thing you say to me after 30 years. That does not sound promising.
Hello? He you of, Lizzy?
You sound upset or scared or both.
Do not be afraid.
I am no longer that you remember me.
Believe me. You can trust me.
Everybody knew. It was one of the things that I liked about you.
Now, Lizzy Davies, why are you calling middle of the night after so many years?
Are you sure?
Miss Davies said she saw E2 - gang nearby. There we have them.
- And the one who ... - What's with him?
You will find out.
Those kids are not killers. They are just great in his mouth.
- Do you have a better idea? - A round in the neighborhood maybe?
What was he doing in the alley?
He probably should piss and was assaulted.
But why? The wallet was still there.
- Have they found his brother? - Spanish police are on the case.
The meeting I do not look forward to. Come, let us do some snooping.
- I is shown cops? - Have we met before?
- You looking for me? - We just want to talk a little.
And what if I will not?
I understand what you mean by milf ...
Vi kan tage det på stationen, men jeg
ved, at du ikke vil i strafferegistret.
Film det her. Panserne er jo
kendt for at bure uskyldige inde.
- Hvad fanden vil I?
- Jeg ved, hvorfor du er ustraffet.
Jeg er ikke stikker længere.
Det er slut med det.
Jeg er ikke imponeret over måden
min forgænger håndterede det på.
Er du jaloux over,
at han blev forfremmet?
Det er dårligt arbejde at se igennem
fingre med dine forbrydelser.
I fik et par større fisk på krogen,
så alle er tilfredse.
- Bortset fra dine ofre.
- Det er slut nu.
Du skal ikke glo på mig!
Jeg fortryder, at jeg hjalp jer svin.
En gang til og jeg slår dig ned
selvom jeg bliver filmet.
- Hvor var du i aftes ved 22 -tiden?
- Det kan jeg ikke huske.
- Tænk efter.
- Vi så en film sammen.
- Hvilken film?
- Aner det ikke, bare en film.
- Hvor?
- Hos DK.
One of your signalement was seen outside Dover Castle.
I was with the guys all night.
We hoped you'd say that, for the witness also described them.
- An old man was assaulted. - It is a dangerous area.
He died, Aaron, as the culprit goes in for murder.
And he escapes not by gossip.
Not again.
Are we finished?
- If I hear anything ... - So, be a good citizen.
- See you, Aaron. - Much like sweet.
The little shit ... He probably has some grass on it.
It's not worth the paperwork. We go to the crime scene again.
What happened?
The old man is dead.
- Damn ... - It's good. He deserved it.
- She said that someone saw us. - She just fishing.
- Unless the old woman talked. - No, she knows better than that.
There was not the other.
Yes, it was there.
Bak me up.
Come on.
Hello, Roy.
- Good to see you again. - You too, buddy.
I am sorry.
- sikket hole! It deserved he will not. - Sorry, but I live here actually.
Unfortunately cordoned off here.
- Not anymore. - Leave it.
Sound a little more convincing next time.
You were not credible.
If we assume that ...
- Hello, this is a crime scene. - Move. I will talk with the boss.
- So this is where it happened? - Mr. Archer.
- You is not entirely without merit. - I looked in criminal album.
It's good to know that you are doing something to find my brother's killers.
Detective Taylor. I am investigating.
- I'm sorry about your brother. - Thanks. What do you know?
- We do not know why he was here ... - Or who killed him.
It is too early in the investigation.
- It was cozy, inspector. - Mr. Archer!
I know your reputation, and there will certainly be friction, -
- let me make one thing clear: If you interfering in my investigation -
- so I get boxed yourself in.
Now I understand the saying: "Him I will not meet in a dark alley."
- Lauren! Are you okay? - Okay?
- Fuck you! Would you rape me? - I did not know what he had.
- And I ... - It was a mistake.
He is on the way. He thinks you will squeal. If you do, he turns you down.
In him the old man. I do not want that something happens to you.
Fuck, here he comes!
Lauren? Lauren!
I know that you are there. Do not just ignore me.
The boys are disappointed that you slipped so early the other night.
I told them that you're just a little bitch!
Now listen carefully.
The guys are my family.
They are my hungry pack of wolves.
Do you understand what I mean?
And you're just a little grisefisse.
So if you do not keep your little fucking mouth shut ...
Guess what happens next.
Then I breathe and breathe -
- and burn down the house while you and your bloody mother sleeping!
Hello, Lizzy.
E2 -berenstain have no respect for us because nobody does anything about them.
Cops are either just stupid or fucking scared.
- It was different ... - In the old days, you mean?
At that time dared to walk the streets. If my father were still alive ...
I wish there was something I could do.
Poor old Charlie ... He was a good man, even though he ...
- Although he was a crook? - Yes exactly.
Listen up...
It's probably best if the police do not get to know that I have been here.
It just gets so complicated then.
Who had thought that you would visit?
- Jeg ville ønske, jeg var 40 år yngre.
- I lige måde.
Ikke på den måde. Jeg mente bare...
Jeg ville føle mig mere sikker,
hvis du var her. Det ville vi alle.
- Undskyld at jeg ikke stoppede dem.
- Du kunne ikke have stoppet dem.
Det siger du,
men en gammel mand gjorde det.
- Op med dig!
- Hør efter.
Hold kæft!
Min nevø fandt det i morges.
Det lå på en lukket side, som ikke
kan findes med en normal browser.
- Jeg aner ikke, hvad hun siger.
- Jeg er ikke ligefrem ekspert.
- Kender din nevø dem?
- Nej, men det gør jeg.
- Skal jeg tage et screenshot?
- Et hvad?
Man zoomer ind på ansigterne
og printer dem ud.
- Vi kan også give det til politiet.
- Nej, vi beholder det for os selv.
Jeg vil hellere selv ordne det.
Fiks det der skærmhalløj for mig.
Altså, ansigterne.
Se lige her.
Flere videoer fra den samme bruger.
Geez, poor girl ...
- That's where Charlie was killed. - I know where she works.
- Hi, can I help you? - Yes. I need a little information.
- About what? - About the alley at 10th Street.
- I'm not. - Yes, I think, you are.
You must have got hold of the wrong person.
Do not try to cheat me.
- Are you okay, Lauren? - Everything okay, thanks. Not true?
- Who are you? You are not a cop. - I am not.
But I would still like to have some answers.
The man who died when he helped you, my brother.
Lauren?
Yes, it's okay.
I can not speak here.
It makes me really sorry about your brother. I could not do anything.
I know. I do not care why you have maintained close.
I just want their names. Did you know them?
- In that case, give me their names. - I did not know them.
- I was attacked. - I do not believe you.
- If they find out ... - Their names.
I was with Aaron, who I thought was my boyfriend.
- What is his last name? - I do not know.
Do not you know what your guy is called? What happened?
I was just trying to fit in. I thought he liked me.
- How is he involved? - He is the band leader.
They do everything he says.
- Okay. Did you recognize others? - Yes.
Maz. I think he has gone at my school.
- Would you mind ...? - Not a word to anyone.
- Be careful. They are many. - I believe in quality, not quantity.
You should be back at work.
Your brother was a good man.
- He saved me. - Do you know what he would have said?
"Stop trying to circumvent the little buggers, Lauren."
I apologize for the language ... Life is too short for that.
It seems that we get a little help.
I appreciate the gesture, but I do not want you involve you -
- for this will be bloody.
What?
What? He will of course have our help!
Kun you, Arthur Bennett -
- would dare to make fun of my brother's funeral!
You know how I am, Richie.
Either amuse myself or else I am furious.
- Are not you getting too old? - I'm fucking not old!
Do not worry, boys. I am just kidding.
Good to see you again, Arthur, and you, Butch. How are you?
We have bored us a little, since you ran from here in the last century.
But it will be displayed turned on.
Well, what is the status, Richie?
Judging from the video is the six.
Lede small pig dogs.
I would like to hear them call their mother before they die.
It sounds funny. I find the knives forward.
- Where do we find the little ...? - Butch, so simple it is not.
They are part of a gang, so they can be quite so many.
And they have age on their side.
Therefore, we must be smart.
Today it is Charlie's day -
- but tomorrow dragons we are at war.
For Charlie.
What the hell are you doing? I do not want it there.
Yoko!
Sell ​​it. Back it.
Slip so.
- Someone asks after you. - cop?
No, an old man. He questioned Lauren about the dead.
There are some pricks who need to learn to shut up.
So.
Madame...
Thanks. There are not many gentlemen left.
I know. I feel that I am up against superior forces.
It was a good time. Now they know nothing about romance.
They close just a lot of shit out!
- Give me a beer, Butch. - Here you go.
- Liver? - Well spotted.
I've chopped part in pieces, so I should know.
It is a private event.
Detective!
Sorry, we interfere.
We did not have your contact info, but we knew that you would be here.
- Can we talk in private? - Of course. Over here.
- How's the investigation? - No one will say anything.
Some things never change.
- I will find the guilty. - Well, I will too.
It's my job, not yours.
- I understand your loss. - I do not think.
I do. Believe me.
What do you know about loss?
I am both widowed mother, and I have a pretty stressful job.
It would make my life quite hard if you took the law into their own hands.
- I do not take the law into their own hands. - I regret your loss.
But I want you to take back to Spain as soon as possible.
I do not take the law into their own hands.
Is it a good idea to do this?
Why not? Charlie loved this place as a child.
And as he grew older.
He is not the first we've thrown in the water here.
Dumped we shooter here after we killed ... What was his name?
MacVey. I wish I could dig the pig up and kill him again.
Good to see you, guys.
- For the good times. - And the bad.
If only the Thames could talk ...
This is not the Thames. It's just a fucking channel.
It is the perfect place no matter what.
See you, bro!
Well then. Let's get started.
- Hey, Jack. It was a long time ago. - Hey, Richie.
I've heard of it with Charlie.
A sad story.
- I'm not crazy about your decor. - Bloody brats!
No respect. They do not just steal. They also smashing everything.
- I need your help. - Forget it.
- Those days are over. - I thought so too, but here we are.
What did the police? Gave you the number to the victim line?
- What do you think? - You did well not even to them?
- You have no confidence in the old friends? - Not so.
Or are you afraid that they will be freed immediately?
You are in good shape. Well maintained.
Tanning and five kilograms overweight thanks to the Mediterranean.
- I should even be gone. - You were here for her sake.
All the money I earned on our business, went to her.
To what avail? No.
- You have to die at some point. - Those who are left dying prematurely.
- Do you see anything to them? - As much as I can.
They give me hope that the next generation will not be like animals.
You are indeed an old alarmist.
I need information from your blue-clad friends.
What do you need?
- Reduce the number that is on the case. - It is probably already done.
And then I need information about a few thugs, Aaron and Maz.
Why should they listen to me?
A former general has well little to say.
What should I say? "Do me a favor."
It's not my problem as long as you just said something.
I gave you money in your pocket.
And you and your boys did not smoke in. Everyone got something out of it.
Yes, but there was more to it than that.
Do you remember Billy Morgan and Pat Corrigan? What was that Terry was called?
- Richards. - Exact! They are still dead.
And who took over their territory?
The real headline was: "The police ordered the murder of gangster kings."
I know where all the bodies are buried.
- Well, I thought I would have help. - What makes you think that?
Those brats crap after all on you and takes over the entire East End.
It is frankly embarrassing.
See what you can do. I find out for yourself.
The little buggers do not scare me. They are not people.
- What happens? - Richie, you must fix this.
- Did they hurt you? They touched you? - I've had enough now!
If you jump over them, we help all together.
Just to fix this shit!
Are you okay?
Shut up, or E2 shut your mouth.
I am home!
- Hey darling. How was your day? - As always.
Are you okay? You're not quite yourself.
You're not sick?
It's probably not something with a guy?
No mom. I am not sick, and it's not a guy.
- I am just tired. - I know you better than that.
If anything, you can come to me. No secrets.
No secrets. Everything's okay, Mom.
I promise.
Okay, but I'm the cop, so I always know when something is wrong.
- It's not just the Mediterranean. - Not just.
It has its charm, and it's worth fighting for.
My old colleague got this to disappear from the evidence.
- Is it Charlie? - I thought you wanted it.
- Do you suffer still from that? - It is a medical condition.
It's everything I could find. Aaron is completely clean.
But there is an address of Maz. A typical bully.
Arrested for the murder of a pensioner. An old war veteran.
Unfortunately the case is not in court.
It shall go to pay for.
Hello, boys. Sit shown in a precarious situation.
We can make it easy or hard for you.
What do you choose?
Is it a joke? Why are you dressed like the guys in "Reservoir Dogs"?
Should it scare me? It's ridiculous!
No, it's Halloween. They are dressed as a boy band.
Release me, I promise that I will survive.
How thoughtful. Where is Aaron?
- Fuck you! - Let us free.
Maybe we should tell the young men why they are here.
Now hear this: Recently, my brother trampled to death -
- and at least one of you is involved.
- Maybe you both. - Maybe.
And now one of you or both of you -
- get payed.
But not until I know where Aaron is.
You do not know what awaits you.
We are part of E2 -berenstain. You know what that means? That you are dead.
I've been close to death so many times, like my friends here.
- We do not care about you. - It ought ye would not be.
Four old men?
We know that you like murdering old men. Pensioners.
He refused to give us his medal, so he got deserved.
It is nothing compared to the pain I must expose you to.
You want to talk about pain? See him there.
He was the executioner earlier, one of the best.
He has the ability to see, when people are lying.
I shake with fear.
Unfortunately, it is true, Leroy, but I will find out soon enough.
Can you see him here?
He is a so-called torpedo.
If you are smart, so do him angry.
Release me and I'll let you live.
He is lying. He will kill us.
And then we Butch there. You know why he's called?
Because his face looks like the ass of a dog?
- It's one of the reasons. - Nonsense!
No, it is an abbreviation of Butcher.
He dismembered one body at a neighborhood.
- The man who would take me 12 minutes. - Are you trying to be tough now?
Have you no respect for E2? When I...
So hold dog shut up, dammit!
Judging from my friend's body language, he is not too happy.
They get it shown not.
Arthur...
You should stop. They will kill you.
Do I have your attention now?
Were you there when our friend was murdered?
No.
I do not even use my special abilities.
We have seen the video, and you are part of it.
Why do I film on the net when you're doing stupid things?
It must be because of those reality programs, right?
All will be known.
Would you like to be known?
Live hard and die young.
Or be chopped off!
Technically, it is I who chop him into pieces.
He seems not to have more to say -
- so now it's your turn.
Where do we find Aaron?
- Where the hell is Maz? - He's probably at a bitch.
Call him again. - JP Call Leroy.
There is something wrong.
- Is it the cops? - No, we had heard it.
- It may be our enemies. - There's no one out.
What about Eastern Europeans? They can quickly take over.
- Call me back as soon as possible. - They are insane.
Would Leroy and Maz lead them here?
Is there anyone who does try, we must smash them to pieces!
All should be with.
- JP, get pulled people off the street. - No, not from the street.
Do not forget who you work for! If I say it, it just happens!
- I'm just saying ... - What?
I will shit on! Should you teach me about what I should do?
- I just sell a little grass. - No! There will not disappear more.
Find boys.
What about that old that Lauren was talking to?
He can not hurt us. He is as good as dead.
I'm not saying a damn thing!
Well, that's how I like it.
- What are you going to do? - He gets on my nerves.
Now you need to hear what the nice man says.
Understood?
We are outraged that you and your friends murdered his brother.
He will know who was involved.
You're going to tell us. In one way or another.
It was the war veteran, who you murdered.
And here ...
...var for Charlie.
I keep seams this pile of shit stuck to the chair -
- until you tell it, we will know.
Have you seen one before?
A real antique!
It used to take forever to ...
You have no idea how hard human bones can be.
That's how we used to do. In the old days.
It is now ...
... the new times.
No no! Not that!
And Dean? Where the hell is he?
I gotcha.
So.
I'll have to take it.
- Who are you with? - None. Why?
Have you set Leroy and Maz?
Go out on the street and ask for them! Do you now some useful Dean.
- Do you have to leave? - No, I will not.
But they want me to do it.
Do you, or do you plan to drink the milkshake up?
I will be here. For it is a really good milkshake.
Sorry, kid, but you'll have to keep you awake.
Otherwise, this is where the waste of time.
All the bad things you've done in your awful small life -
- looking forward to this.
It is called retribution.
Karma. Revenge.
I am ready to stop this and forget and forgive -
- If you tell where I can find Aaron.
Okay, I was there, but I did not touch him.
- Where are Aaron? - I do not know!
- I have never been there. - He is lying. I can smell it.
- He always know when someone is lying. - It's a gift.
Fuck! Okay så...
- Where do I drop off Aaron? - An even bigger lie.
Fails to your friends, your damned Judas?
Should I start cutting now?
- No, let him go. - For fuck's sake!
Let him go. He's only a child.
It is a mistake, Richie. He gossips.
Just tell me where I must deliver Aaron.
So I do. And then I disappear.
Let him go.
If you mention this to anyone.
Or if I see you here again, it's all over with you. Do you understand?
I promise not to say anything to anyone.
- I told you that he lied. - And I believed in you.
But I've never killed a sitting down or tied.
It is not fair.
How has our veteran killer it?
Oh, gee ... What a shame.
So we are well finished for today.
So nobody saw anything?
People lie.
- They're lying to me! - Anyone looking.
- JP, compounds. - In several ways.
He shares links with many of them, we've talked about, except for Aaron.
- Where'd you get all this from? - The social media.
It is quite simple, if you know where to look.
- You are shown a real expert. - No, I'm just curious.
- Especially with the kind of neighbors ... - We can probably do something about.
This you have done. There is a better mood after you returned home.
- A funeral is always good. - It was not exactly what I meant.
So what do you plan?
Sniff around a bit. This is extremely useful.
I must continue.
Let me know if you need help. I am of course ahead.
Tak, Lizzy.
I suppose you did not want to go to out to dinner one night?
- I should not have asked. - No ... I mean, yes.
- That would be nice. - Super! So I order table.
And dress up in red. I remember the fabulous dress you had.
Unfortunately, there is shown a red.
Hey, Lauren.
Why are you here again?
I will not stop until I find the culprit. Do you know these?
I can not. They threatened me. I can not help you anymore.
Let me tell you a little about threats and blackmail.
And believe me, I have great knowledge of the subject.
The faster you find the end, the faster you will find the solution.
They have pictures of me. They can destroy my life.
They rely on your fear. It just gets worse and worse.
I lived it, so I know what I'm talking about.
I'll help you if you help me.
I have a daughter. She is all I have, and if someone ...
Let me remove them from your life.
Clever girl.
Thank you, Lauren. Friends?
Friends.
Now that we are friends, I should stop to scare you on the job.
Maybe I can call you instead?
- What is your number? - I have nothing.
- What? Have you no mobile? - No.
- A little old-fashioned? - Write your number here.
They have photos of you, but I have pictures of them.
The manipulated.
- Was he there that night? - He was not involved.
- He was there. - Do you know where he lives?
No, but he sells shown in Grave's End -parkeringspladsen.
- What the hell are you doing here? - Mother!
Mother? I was looking for a red dress for my friend Lizzy -
- but could not find anything suitable.
Stay away from my daughter.
I did not know she was your daughter.
Thanks for expert guidance.
- Are you okay? - Yes mom. It is fine.
- Give me your wallet, old! - Who are you calling old?
- We need him alive! - I was aiming for the rear wheel.
- You know what? I enjoy it here. - So do I.
There goes our bonus.
Oops!
Damn back! I'm too old for this.
What the hell are you doing? You're dead!
- Died! - I now live and kicking.
- Do you remember this? - Let go of me, bastard!
- Look! - It is not me.
- Where's Aaron? - I've never heard of him.
- So I ask again. - Fuck you!
- Have you understood the point? - Shall I stab my friends?
No, I just want to know where the man who killed my brother is!
I will shit on how powerful you think you are, for you do not turn E2.
- Sticking i Aaron, I'm dead. - So we have to work during the break.
- Dry nothing. - It said your friends also yesterday.
Yes, and guess what they say today?
Nothing!
That's the problem with your generation. You think you are immortal.
But not you. Jeez, look at you.
This is not a Houdini trick. You're not gonna get out of here.
So kill me, because when I get out of here ...
When? One must admire his optimism.
- I'll kill you all! - How fun...
It said Maz and Leroy too.
Just before we killed them!
Fuck you! When E2 find out here, are you on the ass! Are you with me?
Your wives, girlfriends and all I know.
We're going to fuck them in every hole. In particular in the ass!
Do you have any daughters?
You have a daughter, right?
When E2 is finished with her, she could not move!
She's not going to be able to walk properly.
One by one: Fuck, fuck, fuck! And she will love it!
You know what the irony is?
It here belonged to my brother.
Why do not you go down on his knees, as he did -
- and begging as he did?
And we just laughed.
We laughed at your cowardly brother. We ripped open him up like a fat whore.
What do you think of the irony in that?
Gee, it was easier in the old days.
- What now? - Now...
Now it's time for the big finale.
- Damn! - Richie, are you okay?
I'll be right back. No excitement.
- How it is with you in the room? - There are still certain gentlemen.
- How do you feel? - Vulnerable. I hope in a private room.
Just what I thought. This place is far too open.
Although they knew that you were here, they would not dare venture here.
Just I do not have to sleep with one eye open.
- We take care of it. - No, I'm not done yet.
Should someone poke a Christmas tree up in the ass on the little shit, it's me.
Give me a phone. I'll call a friend. Thank you.
My savings. Smell them!
We should have bought a long time ago. Now fucker not with us.
Idiot...
Take a gun.
Take one.
She will talk to you.
- What the hell do you want? - I have information on the old one.
He who is in you.
- What's with him? - He is in the hospital, says mother.
He had a heart attack. It fits.
Why are you telling it to me?
- Because I thought ... - Did you think of us or what?
- You might need me. - Hands off, bitch!
Call the hospital and find out where he is.
- I can not. - Just do it!
Hi, I would like to know where Richie Archer is.
Yes, he's my uncle.
At the heart department.
That was nice to hear. Thanks.
There you can see.
DK, download the guys. We are going on a home visit.
Take the bitch with. She comes with us.
- What are you doing? - It's Mom. If not I answer ...
Let me talk to her.
You stay here with me.
Take this on.
Do it now, damn it!
- UK. - Yes?
- Will you rise through the ranks? - Should I do it?
Are you a leader or a follower?
Away with you.
Hi there! You should have brought flowers.
Have you seen one before? The shoots do damned sorry, I can promise you.
Are there more outside?
How many?
Reply, dammit!
Arthur, check out just as a precaution.
It was a gun!
What the hell is going on here?
THIS IS IT!
Fucking bitch, you tricked me!
What the hell are you doing, Dean?
- I hope you're heading home. - Mother!
I have shown need your help!
- Is there another entrance? - Have no idea. I am checking.
- Do not do anything stupid. - Me? Never in my life.
Fuck!
Before hell!
Help here.
Special strength is in place.
- You know what's going on? - Not yet. We can hear gunfire.
The strength moving into now.
- My daughter's in there. - She's smart enough to hide.
They are many. And I mean a lot.
Are they stupid or what?
The hallway is empty. Hold jer ready.
Good morning, ladies!
Come on, now we shoot them!
I got him!
- I'm sorry if you thought that ... - It's okay. I am in.
It's a pretty memorable second date.
- We must away. Cops are coming! - No, we finish this today!
Keep shooting. I have an idea.
Fart on!
No thrills, my bare ass!
- abound soon with cops. - I'm not sorry to see them.
Listen! I have your little gossip bitch here! Are you with me?
I shoot her head off if you do not put your weapons!
I swear! You have five seconds!
Hear me?
Five, four!
Shut up!
Three!
To!
- Well then, I'm coming out. - Are you crazy? It is suicidal!
Butch, you have no daughter, right? She's just a child.
Okay, we're coming out!
Fart on!
Hands where I can see them!
Now you have me, let her go.
I told you, old man! And now you're dead.
- But first we kill your boys. - As we kill yours?
E2 is an army.
- There are just more people. - Like cockroaches, cluttering the shit.
You know what you have, your old gangster?
I'll tell you. You have 30 seconds.
So who should I kill first? You?
Get away from me!
- Shoot the little pigs, Richie! - Oh, damn.
It was Charlie.
Traveling you? And this is for me.
- Release your weapons! - You need to know when you've lost.
Police, put your weapons!
- So it was self-defense? - We have told what happened.
We were sleeping when the two guys suddenly walk in the door.
And I disarmed them? 70-year-old men.
Now is not serious, inspector. I'm actually the youngest man in the gang.
- Give us a minute? - See you.
- Was that all? - I do not understand what you mean.
It is teeming with police outside that I can leave you to.
So I ask again: Was it?
As soon as I printed, I travel back to Spain.
Now the streets are clean and fine again. I think that the local deserve.
Just one last thing. It's probably my last chance to get it said.
- What? - Thanks.
- For what? - To you saved my daughter.
- How is the East End now? - Quietly.
I should have attended the funeral.
- You knew him not. Your place is there. - And what about yours?
Have you got homesick, or have you met one?
- I'm home for dinner. - So I do something.
No, I take some pies with. Very English food.
Okay, have a good flight. I love you dad.
I love you too. Hi there!
I do not go with out. I hate to say goodbye.
- We had never eaten the dinner. - No, you already has had little busy.
You can go to Spain. I shall have need of a home.
You sell it as well.
The girls are here, and now it feels like a home again thanks to you.
The invitation is open, Lizzy.
- Richie? - Ja?
Take care of yourself.
Fuck...
- Well, he went. - Yes...
If you joke about around in the sun and play golf -
- instead of being here is not worth the trouble.
I know you're not lying, -
- and I agree with you.
After everything we've been through, so he turns us back again.
- Just like 20 years ago. - Now not so unjust, guys.
I fled from the police to keep them away from you guys.
Who are you calling a villain?
Why were you? And now lie not for me.
- Lizzy? - She may have little to do with it.
No, it was something else. To clean the streets and remove skimmings.
The received blood to the pump. I assume that I felt the same.
That is what we are and that's what we do.
It was Satan! Where did that gibberish from?
He has spent too much time with the Europeans.
Lizzy said a thing. She talked about pensioners -
- who live here and who are robbed of their savings.
- Thieves? - Bank directors.
It is the same.
I thought that we could teach them a lesson.
- Do I beat one of them? - I will make them really hurt.
Yes, we are stealing their money.
Do you remember what we did with Charlie in 69?
How would I, could forget it?
Vent...
Do you want to steal their gold?
How?
Let me buy you a drink.
I have an excellent idea.
www.HoundDawgs.org
Newest NORDiC RETAiL!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org